This is the first time I see Mr. Shen showing mercy to people
What's up with this woman?
He was clearly trying to seduce Shen Ting
How did you become his niece?
You are not the first
The woman who was fascinated by my uncle
It's just that my uncle has a white moonlight in his heart
White moonlight yeah
When he went to college abroad?
Almost committed suicide by being bullied
It was him, the white moonlight saved him
How about romantic?
How are you? Have you met Shen Tianlan?
See yes see
It's just that the seniority is a little messed up
But I'll get him to know me again soon
Sorry.
Your call is temporarily unanswered
Please dial again later
Who is Miss Song?
Yo
Seo Hee
This former daughter of heaven
Now.
How did you end up delivering takeout?
I heard
These two ladies used to be bitter enemies
Unfortunately, the Xu family went bankrupt
She is now
Not even worthy of selling a toe
Party what party
It's all old friends, you
Is this cake for me?
Ouch.
Sorry, my hand slipped.
Xu Xi, this is where we are now
One in the sky and one on the ground.
And you are only worthy to kneel in front of me